---
layout: single
title: "Coronavirus Day 6"
date:   2020-03-19 16:00:00 -0600
categories: coronavirus
---

We're on what I'm calling day six of social distancing but I haven't really gone into much detail on what that means for us day-to-day. The first two days were like your typical Saturday & Sunday with fewer outings. The work week has been something else entirely.

Rachel and I decided to split Oscar watching duties where she takes mornings and I take afternoons. This necessitated some furniture rearrangement as our typical work from home spot is the middle of the living room, not a great setup with a toddler running around (well, not quite running yet but you get the idea).

To create a more productive work area, we moved our desk and monitor into our bedroom. This allows the current baby-minder full run of the rest of the condo. We made a slight reconfiguration today to switch from our small desk to our larger desk. Hopefully that increases productivity (and quality of life) even more!

## Oscar Update

The little man really seems to be enjoying his extra time with mom and dad. Before this social distancing we'd only get nice chunks of time with Oscar on weekends and he was always pretty sweet and playful to us. 

He's still all that but we've been seeing a lot more of a high-energy Oscar. He's getting into all sorts of things and often times yells while doing it. It remains to be seen if this is a reaction to staying home all week or if its just the beginning of legit toddler-hood.

## Things Cooked

Nothing new today, just kept feeding the sourdough starter. Decided to name it Steven. Steven the Sourdough Starter.

## Politics

As I pointed out [the other day]({% post_url 2020-03-16-day-3 %}#politics), [more][french] and [more][serwer] people are talking about how means testing is going to knee-cap the effectiveness of the relief bill moving through the halls of congress.

For more reading on this, I recommend this post about Trapezoids: [Do We Really Need a Second Earned Income Tax Credit?](https://www.peoplespolicyproject.org/2018/10/19/do-we-really-need-a-second-earned-income-tax-credit/)

In other news, a couple of senators were credibly accused of insider trading off the coronvirus. Cool!

## Tweet of the Day

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">i added twin peaks music to pro wrestling without an audience and it fits perfectly <a href="https://t.co/OVauro8c7L">pic.twitter.com/OVauro8c7L</a></p>&mdash; SIDEEYE (@SIDEEYEmusic) <a href="https://twitter.com/SIDEEYEmusic/status/1240303610430455808?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

[french]: https://twitter.com/DavidAFrench/status/1240770103991578628?s=20
[serwer]: https://twitter.com/AdamSerwer/status/1240759061127335939?s=20