---
layout: single
title: "Coronavirus Day 2"
date:   2020-03-15 16:00:00 -0600
categories: coronavirus
---

## Pandemic Update

Major announcement today was that all bars and restaurants in Illinois to be [closed][no-bars] starting tomorrow for everything other than delivery and pick-up.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">There are no easy decisions to make as we address this unprecedented crisis — we must do what science and experts say will keep people safe. <br><br>With that said, I am ordering all IL bars and restaurants to close to the public as of close of business Monday, Mar. 16 through Mar. 30.</p>&mdash; Governor JB Pritzker (@GovPritzker) <a href="https://twitter.com/GovPritzker/status/1239295381235814401?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 15, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Oscar Updates

We started the day by ripping the cushions off of our couches to build some obstacles for Oscar to play with. That was good for about 20 minutes of fun.

This afternoon Oscar also learned how to blow his nose. It's yet to be seen how effective he is at this new skill but he did hold a napkin to his nose for 20 minutes.

## Things Cooked

[Greek Chicken][greek-chicken], the weekday lunch staple. We'll see if I can keep this up during social distancing. 

## Politics

We had our first one on one match-up of Biden vs Bernie tonight. Really great to only have two candidates up there and the lack of audience was another welcome addition.

I honestly thought Bernie could have done a better job. Was nice to see him get into the weeds on some stuff against Joe, especially in regards to Social Security but seemed like Bernie was still operating in a mode that is more effective when there are seven other people on the stage.

[no-bars]: https://twitter.com/GovPritzker/status/1239295381235814401
[greek-chicken]: https://foodwishes.blogspot.com/2015/04/greek-lemon-chicken-and-potatoes-both.html